feat: Add lit template documentation (#158)
vaadin/docs: articles/flow/templates/polymer-templates/styling-polymer-templates.asciidoc

= Styling Polymer Templates

> *Usage of Lit based templates is recommended even though polymer based templates are still be available in the next LTS.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Polymer templates are deprecated
[CAUTION]
Polymer templates are still available, but <<../basic#,Lit templates>> are the recommended way of creating HTML based templates.
```

Author: Except this is for 14.5+ so Polymer templates are not deprecated for this version. That's why it's a recommendation only.

Reviewer: Right, I thought that might be the case. Then I wondered why they wouldn’t be deprecated, and thought I’d try and see the response 😄 

I’ll update the suggestion.
